O aged one, who rejuvenates himself in his time!
Elderly one, who achieves youthfulness!
Cause Thoth to come to me at my voice, that he may drive back for me the Backward-faced.
Osiris is on the water, the eye of Horus is with him, the great winged scarab is spread over him,
great in his grasp, creating gods as a child.
May the one on the water emerge intact.
If the one on the water is approached,
the weeping eye of Horus is approached.
Back, you who are in the water!
You enemy, dead male or female, adversary male or female, etc.
Do not raise your faces, you who are in the water, at the passing of Osiris by you.
Let him by to Djedet, with (your) mouths covered, your gullets blocked.
Back, rebel! Do not raise your faces against the one who is on the water.
It is Osiris.
Ra has boarded his ship to see the gods of Kheraha,
the lords of the underworld who stand to slay you.
If the Backward-faced comes against Osiris while he is on the water,
the eye of Horus is on him to capsize you, placed on your backs.
O you who are in the water, your mouths are sealed by Ra,
your gullets are blocked by Sekhmet,
your tongues are cut off by Thoth,
your eyes are blinded by Heka,
those four great gods who make the protection of Osiris,
they are the ones who make the protection of the one who is on the water,
all people, all animals who are on the water today - protection.
Those who are on the water - the protection of heaven, while Ra is within it,
protection of the great god at the fore of the robing-chamber,
is the protection of the one who is on the water.
A voice of great lament in the temple of Neit,
a loud voice in the Great Temple,
a great cry of mourning in the mouth of the cat.
Gods and goddesses say
'look, look at the abed-fish, it is born'.
I have turned back your advance, rebel!
I am Khnum lord of Herwer.
Beware of repeating your injury a second time
to that which you did in the presence of the Great Ennead.
Be repelled, turn back for me,
I am a god.
Hey, hey! I have said.
Can you not hear the sound of the great lament from the night,
on the shore of Nedyt,
the sound of the great cry of all gods and all goddesses,
a wailing over the violence that you inflicted, evil rebel?
See, Ra rages at the violence over it,
and commands your execution.
Back rebel - hey, hey!
